The goods receipt triggers the process.
NA.

The goods are delivered by the vendor and arrive in the warehouse.
Goods are delivered.

The warehouse clerks then check whether the goods have actually been ordered.
Check whether purchase order exists.

If goods that have not been ordered are delivered, the warehouse clerk refuses to accept the goods.
Refuse acceptance of goods.

If, on the other hand, there is an order, the warehouse clerk checks whether the delivery quantity corresponds to the information on the delivery note.
Check delivery quantity.

If goods are missing, the warehouse keeper enters the missing quantity in the delivery note and in the supply chain management system.
Enter missing quantity in delivery note.

The incoming goods department then informs the supplier, who in turn issues a new delivery order and delivers the goods at a later date.
Inform supplier.
Issue delivery order.

All incoming goods are checked by warehousemen for their storability because they could have been put together unfavourably.
Check storability.

If the latter is the case, the goods must be repacked to make them fit for storage.
Repack goods.

Containers, pallets and crates are available for this purpose.
NA.

Boxes are usually stacked on pallets, which in turn are stored in stackable containers.
NA.

If the goods can be stored, the system checks whether they have a best-before date.
Check whether goods have a best-before date.

If so, the best-before date must be checked.
Check best-before date.

If the best-before date lies within the specified tolerance range, the best-before date is entered.
Enter best-before date.

Otherwise, the goods are sorted out and this is also noted on the delivery note as a shortfall.
Sort out goods.

The supplier is again informed and therefore has to deliver the missing goods again.
NA.

After all checks have been completed, the goods are stored in the various storage rooms, whereby the individual storage locations are noted in the system.
Store goods in storage rooms.
	
Goods to be stored in cold storage are stored in the cold storage rooms provided for this purpose.
Store goods in cold storage rooms.