When an invoice arrives, it is checked whether it is available electronically or in writing.
Check whether it is an electronic or written invoice.

An electronic invoice is transferred directly into the system, whereas a written invoice must first be entered.
Transfer an invoice to the system.
Enter invoice.

After entry, the open items must be posted with the blocking indicator.
Post open items with blocking indicator.

Then the calculation of the input tax deduction takes place.
Calculate input tax deduction.

The system now checks the incoming payment type.
Check type of incoming payment.

The payment can be made only after invoice verification, unless one is immediate payer.
NA.

Here the invoice is to be released already before.
Release invoice.

There is no invoice verification for drop shipments.
NA.

The first step is to sort the documents and then assign them to a delivery note.
Sort documents.
Assign documents to delivery note.

If no delivery note is available, the transaction must be assigned manually.
Assign transaction manually.

Now you must check whether there are differences between the delivery note and the invoice.
Check whether there are differences between delivery note and invoice.

If the deviation is outside the tolerance range, a deviation check is carried out.
Perform deviation check.

Now it must be checked whether a credit-side postprocessing is necessary, and if necessary this must be carried out.
Check whether postprocessing is necessary.
Carry out postprocessing.

Now the invoice is archived and it is checked whether differences are to be posted and whether there was an immediate payment.
Archive invoice.
Check whether differences are to be posted.
Check whether it was an immediate payment.

If differences are to be posted, the system branches to the goods valuation process.
Goods valuation.

If no immediate payment has been made, the block indicators for the open items are removed and the invoice is released for payment and the outgoing payment posting process is called.
Remove Block Indicator.
Release invoice for payment.
Outgoing payment posting.